Update DV360 operators to use API v2 (#30326)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow/providers/google/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

> 9.0.0

Reviewer: I wonder if our tooling will break when we get to `10` here. Let's see :thinking:

.....

Breaking changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * ``Migrate DV360 operators to use API v2 (#30326)``

Reviewer 2: Can we say a bit more?
explain what is changed? maybe link to the google relevant migration docs? the goal is to prevent questions of users "what do we need to do"

Changelog
---------

9.0.0
.....

Breaking changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Bid manager API v1 and v1.1 is deprecated and will be sunset
> for more information please check: https://developers.google.com/bid-manager/v1.1
> * ``Migrate DV360 operators to use API v2 (#30326)``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Google  announced sunset of Bid manager API v1 and v1.1 by April 27, 2023
for more information please check: https://developers.google.com/bid-manager/v1.1
As a result default value of `api_version` in `GoogleDisplayVideo360Hook` and related operators updated to `v2`
```

> Google  announced sunset of Bid manager API v1 and v1.1 by April 27, 2023 for more information
> please check: https://developers.google.com/bid-manager/v1.1 As a result default value of ``api_version``
> in ``GoogleDisplayVideo360Hook`` and related operators updated to ``v2``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Google  announced sunset of Bid manager API v1 and v1.1 by April 27, 2023 for more information
please check: `docs <https://developers.google.com/bid-manager/v1.1>`_  As a result default value of api_version in GoogleDisplayVideo360Hook and related operators updated to v2
```
